Added MMTEB (#275)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: docs/adding_a_task.md

```python
from mteb import MTEB
from mteb.abstasks.AbsTaskReranking import AbsTaskReranking
from sentence_transformers import SentenceTransformer
from mteb.abstasks.TaskMetadata import TaskMetadata

class SciDocsReranking(AbsTaskReranking):
    metadata = TaskMetadata(
        name="SciDocsRR",
        description="Ranking of related scientific papers based on their title.",
        reference="https://allenai.org/data/scidocs",
        hf_hub_name="mteb/scidocs-reranking",
        type="Reranking",
        category="s2s",
        eval_splits=["test"],
        eval_langs=["en"],
        main_score="map",
        revision="d3c5e1fc0b855ab6097bf1cda04dd73947d7caab",
        date=None,
        form="written",
        domains=["Academic", "Non-fiction"],
        task_subtypes=["Scientific Reranking"],
        license="cc-by-4.0",
        socioeconomic_status="high",
        annotations_creators=None,
        dialect=None,
        text_creation="found",
        bibtex_citation= ... # removed for brevity
)

> 

Reviewer: Maybe this file should be called `adding_a_dataset` as the above is a new dataset I think?

Then `adding_a_task` would be about e.g. adding Retrieval or Classification etc.

Reviewer: 👍; Since the mmteb readme distinguishes `Contribute a new task` & `Contribute a new dataset`, would go with `adding_a_dataset` for this file and maybe we have another file `adding_a_task` in case someone wants to add a new embedding task (I'm sure there are others besides CLF, Clustering etc.)

Author: I will rename it to adding_a_dataset. I think most users comfortable enough to add a new abstask, won't need too much help so don't think we need to add an introduction there.

# testing the task with a model:
model = SentenceTransformer("average_word_embeddings_komninos")
evaluation = MTEB(tasks=[MindSmallReranking()])
evaluation.run(model)
```

> **Note:** for multilingual tasks, make sure your class also inherits from the `MultilingualTask` class like in [this](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb-draft/blob/main/mteb/tasks/Classification/MTOPIntentClassification.py) example.  
> For cross-lingual tasks, make sure your class also inherits from the `CrosslingualTask` class like in [this](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/tasks/BitextMining/TatoebaBitextMining.py).

### A Detailed Example

> Often the dataset from HuggingFace is not in the format expected by MTEB. To resolve this you can add a `dataset_transform` method to your dataset to ensure it is in the right format. Here is an example along with some design considerations: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often the dataset from HuggingFace is not in the format expected by MTEB. To resolve this you can either change the format on Hugging Face or add a `dataset_transform` method to your dataset to transform it into the right format on the fly. Here is an example along with some design considerations: 
```

Reviewer 2: by "change the format on Hugging Face" you mean uploading the dataset again with the expected format ?

Reviewer: Either that or just modifying it if it's their HF dataset anyways

            labels.extend(_label)

            documents.extend(ds_split["article"])
            labels.extend(_label)

            assert len(documents) == len(labels)

            rng = random.Random(1111)  # local only seed
            pairs = list(zip(documents, labels))
            rng.shuffle(pairs)
            documents, labels = [list(collection) for collection in zip(*pairs)]

            # To get a more robust estimate we create batches of size 512, this decision can vary depending on dataset
            documents_batched = list(batched(documents, 512))
            labels_batched = list(batched(labels, 512))

            # reduce the size of the dataset as we see that we obtain a consistent scores (if we change the seed) even
            # with only 512x4 samples. 
            documents_batched = documents_batched[:4]
            labels_batched = labels_batched[:4]

            ds[split] = datasets.Dataset.from_dict(
                {
                    "sentences": documents_batched,
                    "labels": labels_batched,
                }
            )

        self.dataset = datasets.DatasetDict(ds)
```

</details>

## 2) Creating the metadata object

> Along with the task MMTEB requires metadata regarding the task. If the metadata isn't available please provide your best guess or leave the field as `None`.

Reviewer: It said MTEB at the beginning of the md so maybe worth sticking with that
```suggestion
Along with the task MTEB requires metadata regarding the task. If the metadata isn't available please provide your best guess or leave the field as `None`.
```

To get an overview of the fields in the metadata object, you can look at the [TaskMetadata](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/abstasks/TaskMetadata.py) class.

Note that these fields can be left blank if the information is not available and can be extended if necessary. We do not include any machine-translated (without verification) datasets in the benchmark.

<details closed>
<summary>Domains</summary>
<br>

> The domains follow the categories used in the [Universal Dependencies project](https://universaldependencies.org), though we updated them were deemed appropriate. These do no have to be mutually exclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domains follow the categories used in the [Universal Dependencies project](https://universaldependencies.org), though we updated them where deemed appropriate. These do not have to be mutually exclusive.
```

| Blog          | [Blogpost, weblog etc.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blog)      |
| Fiction       | Works of [fiction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiction)        |
| Government    | Governmental communication, websites or similar                  |
| Legal         | Legal documents, laws etc.                                       |
| Medical       | doctors notes, medical procedures or similar                     |
| News          | News articles, tabloids etc.                                     |
| Reviews       | Reviews e.g. user reviews of products                            |
| Non-fiction   | [non-fiction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-fiction) writing |
| Poetry        | Poems, Epics etc.                                                |
| Social        | social media content                                             |
| Spoken        | Spoken dialogues                                                 |
| Encyclopaedic | E.g. Wikipedias                                                  |
| Web           | Web content                                                      |

</details>

<br>
<details closed>
<summary>Task Subtypes</summary>
<br>

> These domains subtypes were introduced in the [Scandinavian Embedding Benchmark](https://openreview.net/pdf/f5f1953a9c798ec61bb050e62bc7a94037fd4fab.pdf) and is intended to be extended as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These domains subtypes were introduced in the [Scandinavian Embedding Benchmark](https://openreview.net/pdf/f5f1953a9c798ec61bb050e62bc7a94037fd4fab.pdf) and are intended to be extended as needed.
```
